In this video we're going to be talking about the project.
Lombok project Lumbergh is an unnoticed project licensed under MIT Lomberg is a great Plug-In great
project so that you can make use in your projects mean your Toyo's in your classes and get rid of lots
of moral code.
As you can see a list of annotations provided by Lombok you can provide a non-rule annotation you can
provide getters and setters to string equals and hash code.
No Ark's Deda and lots of other annotations in your objects and properties.
To show you how all things work with Lombok I'm going to go to my main repository and first get the
Lumbergh dependency so to do that I'll go to my repository and look for Project.
Lombok and in the Lombok.
I'm going to get the latest one which is one the 16 got 16 and I'm going to get to dependency and with
that dependency what I'm going to do now is I'm going to create a new Mavin project
and within that Navan project I'm going to say Lumbergh D-Mo. and the artifact is going to be Lombok.
I'm all set and let's create the project.
Here we have a template Mabon project and lets enable the auto import and in my profile the first thing
I'm going to do is add the Lombok dependency so to do that.
I'm going to create a dependency stack right here and within that dependency stack I'm going to put
the dependency of Lumbergh.
All right so my maven has already to resolve the dependency so I can make use of Lumbergh in my project.
Now to check it out and hold things work with Lomborg.
Let's go to a class.
My main class
and as you can see since this is a template project we don't have any classes so let's create one the
product class that we use with all projects that were built and build up on it.
All right in my product class as you would remember from my previous projects we had name we had a description
and we also had type
category.
And finally a price.
All right.
That was the product class that we all built in the previous projects.
But the other thing that we did with the product class before we provided the getters and setters methods
all by our hands we generated them but they were all in here all in the class.
Lundborg You don't have to do any of that.
That is all done by the data adaptation of non-book.
So remember that we have this class and let's put the data annotation right up on top of the class that
we created.
And as you can see the data annotation is coming from Lombok and if we build this project right now
and check out the compiled class file we should be surprised by the changes that we did add.
So let's say you are file and go to my own projects and let's build our project.
So for building maven we should use install.
And here we go let's stick out the source file and what we have there.
And in the classes if we drag it right here.
Here we go.
We have a No our constructor we have all the getters and setters for our properties we have equals we
have can equal we have hash code and to string all that you do with the methods that we could otherwise
provide by hand they are all provided by lumber itself.
Isn't that beautiful.
Isn't that great.
And let's look out some other properties under dietician's of Lombok.
So to do that I'm going to go to my product class and I'll say all Ark's constructor.
All right.
And let's install our project again.
And let's just reopen our product class and check out our all Ark's constructor.
Here we go.
You can see that there is a constructor properties annotation and we have all the properties of our
product object.
And as we expect the all Oxx constructor is right here.
And as our last example let's assume that you are checking for an all in set of every object every property
that you have and for that each property you have to be typing a lot of checks for no.
So to avoid that let's use the non-null annotation of non-book.
So we're doing that what I'm going to do is simply say no no.
From Lombok and if I do that and install my project again
we're now seeing that the set name it has if name it calls no.
And then Crose some new in null pointer exception and otherwise it's simple setting the name longbows.
And it's Annotations are cool and great ways to improve your code and get rid of lots of boilerplate.
Otherwise you have to be taking a couple of minutes and even more depending on the number of your properties
to write down all these boilerplate codes.
So I highly encourage you to check out the lumber plug in and other alternatives other annotations that
you can use within your projects.